last Bast asks is future proofing silly
because by the time one component needs
to be upgraded surely the other ones are
all worn out now anyway right I wouldn't
say that I agree with that in fact I
would say that anytime we try to create
one law of future proofing we end up
oversimplifying the matter the truth is
that it really depends on exactly what
you're doing and exactly what you're
upgrading from in two in many cases you
can use an older system with an older
CPU RAM and motherboard and upgrade your
GPU once twice maybe even three times
and depending on the games you're
playing you can get a very clear benefit
from that with that said if every time
you make a system upgrade you throw in a
brand new power supply I'd say you're
wasting your money thanks nexo for
sponsoring this video you can check out
their grip case at the link in the video
description